hey I'm going to show you how to get
Sergey ignore smoke then die no mate you
do not wrapped in Dan'l and here it is
I'm going to show you how they get
frigid ignore first okay well first me
to click your profile from whatever
school then you need to go on
multi-player and you need to press bonus
daddy's on the Nintendo Wi-Fi connection
and a check for bonus data and then say
you got it false Iraq with the tag and
it says Ignace horas and it's another
colossal rock playing the same thing but
then I say four disorders anyone to the
false alarms gonna be a couple of fossil
rocks on your um in the field and then
pick the fossil off I'm just going to
say you got even the sores and you got
for the source so let's say you get them
now I'm just only had to get dynamite
you do not rock them and die now for the
first interrupt battle do not and she's
gonna say after you beat her she's going
to say oh you should bet on a contract
and he's coming to me so then he battle
wrapped in using auto you should battle
our King died now I'm gonna beat him I'm
gonna say oh you've got Dino mating and
you got dunno and you get wrapped in and
then you get Dino I'm gonna get them
no t-rex you just get him need to beat
the game I think I don't know I'm not
positive about that and you need so just
go to mount pack not go be the distance
possible all not crack back keep digging
keep digging kidding and you'll
eventually get a t-rex head and then
another one as long as I don't have it
but I know how to get it we first need
to beat it the first time baby isn't it
fine whatever
this was it I'll get much stronger and
then you go again to the songs on his
castle okay for you and sorry just a
lady's gonna say it's gonna cost 4000
mutt coins to battle as long as I'm
gonna again and I might throw in some
other disorders with you in and then if
you begin you get Z Rex z plasma z TR z
tricera z rex and dong lasagna I believe
yeah so if I defend and I don't have so
lot of swords way to get him by talking
to Rhine and the t-rex head in treasure
lake if you say I really want to see a
man she wasn't sick will you please
please add mention to your team so I
need to find a man she I do have a
magical head put in your team so it
didn't lose like oh nice that's right
you can say I actually have a biblical
creation the saliva source we're going
to say will you battle me wait but
there's not enough room here I'm going
to go to the baby base meet him again
talk to him
you beat in and say you got some life
source so
that's it I think
yeah possible cognitive understanding so